Scrap multipalyer
  make it singleplayer with challeges or levels maybe. Multiplayer with a leaderboard would be nice but far to time consuming for what I am trying to achieve

Get chatgpt to generate a fish themed database
  using a real world database would take away from the game like nature. Would save time from manual typing database entries

Find a way to update stock prices over a certain period of time
  I want to inlcude a function that randomizes stock prices in a small range. example: stockA = $5 30 seconds later stockA = 4.97 30 seconds later stockA = 5.04
  I feel this would allow for natural feeling dips and rises.
  Maybe edit the database to give every stock a volitility percentage so some stocks are inherintly slower movers than others



ChatGPT database prompt
right now we need to make a database of stocks. I need you to make a fairly large database of random fake stocks. make them all fish/ocean related. heres some rules to follow when making this database Each stock will have a volatility number, indicating how much it can change when the market is simulated. Volatility numbers will range from 1-100. 1 being low 100 being high stocks will randomly be generated with a starting price. Stocks will have a starting price range of $.1 - $1000, but make it less likely to generate stocks larger than $200. Stocks less than or equal to $50 can have any volatility number, but more likely to have a lower volatilty number. stocks $51-$300 can have volatility numbers of 25-75. stocks more than $300 can have volatility numbers of 50-100, but more likely to be higher. if you have any other suggestions for this database pleas let me know

What chatgpt recomended
-add growth bias in the range of -2 to +2. this allows for some stocks to naturaly trend upward and downward

Field	Meaning
symbol	Ticker
name	Company name
price	Starting price
volatility	1–100
growthBias	-2 to +2
sector	Category
rarity	Game tier

Growth Bias meaning:

Value	Behavior
-2	Usually declines
-1	Slight downward
0	Neutral
1	Slight growth
2	Strong growth
